for you welcomes school wanna know and
she is a master biologist
today we will analyze the selection
tasks c3 and the third task so for what
featured determines ownership
plants to the family model to mom or
differently family legumes to old
name less here they used so
I will remind that the mind of their moths and and in
principle the most important feature of
which we define affiliation
plants it will be a flower country
that is, or here's the flower formula, that is
the first is we have to specify the form
I will write a flower now I will explain later
so I wrote the flower formula let's
in order
an up arrow indicates what flower
wrong what kind of flower
wrong is if he only has
one axis of symmetry that is it and to the left
and the right half will be like
rule whose flowers we know and not
what kind of abstract me flower they
have many axes of symmetry and such
flowers are called the correct flowers to
the same legume wrong is not so
slightly special shape shape and so h 5
it has 5 sepals
and the brackets show that they are grown together
that is, sepals and about days such
A pipe on petals and beans
Now I draw in a flower if that's it
he likes to make out
such a structure i.e. top petal
will be called a sail two side
it will be oars it and the bottom it will be
boat so petals and look one
sail
true two separate is paddles and two
grown together is a boat a boat
formed by fused petals
further and stamens we have 9 accrete one
free pistil one
this flower formula is further characteristic
fruit bean fruit god bean always this
characteristic feature
and the third is some kind of inflorescence can
call no brush or head
so I would add this property
legume family to enter into symbiosis with
tuber forged by bacteria
these nodule bacteria of forgiveness
Worldwide wrote raise on Kiryusha
symbiosis with nodule bacteria
cubes bacteria they live outgrowth them
special legume roots and they usb
catch nitrogen in the air and you translate
nitric acid reunion
thereby produce good i'm not with
you were a school want to know and I they
subscribe to our channel
on youtube that new come to us on
Moscow courses cook people along with
us